Consort,
where are you going?
Impudence! How dare you disrespect me!
His Majesty's command.
Zhong Cuiguang!
No one is to step out of the palace gate.
Those who disobey will be executed.
You... you all!
Is it possible His Majesty already knows?
Shut up!
I am innocent; there is nothing to fear.
Once His Majesty investigates thoroughly, I will be released.
Search thoroughly!
Dig three feet into the ground!
Find what I need!
Li Dehan, what are you trying to do?
How dare you and the servants be so bold in my quarters?
Consort,
stay calm.
If you continue causing a scene, it will not be as simple as being sent to Feng Palace.
Feng Palace?
Since ancient times,
only consorts who have committed serious offenses are sent there.
What about His Majesty?
I want to see His Majesty.
His Majesty is with Consort Rong.
Consort,
there's no time to see you.
I advise you
to make the most of the remaining days.
What do you mean?
Leave!
It’s over.
I forgot everything.
The girl knows everything.